add a more generalized spec for modifying linode disks (#250)
linode/cluster-api-provider-linode: docs/src/topics/disks/data-disks.md

# Data Disks
This section describes how to specify additional data disks for a linode instance. These disks can use devices `sdb` through `sdh` 

> for a total of 7 disks. The total size of these disks + the OS Disk cannot exceed the linode plan size. Disk information cannot 
> be updated in place and must be updated by creating new disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a total of 7 disks. 

~~~admonish warning
There are a couple caveats with specifying disks for a linode instance:
1. The total size of these disks + the OS Disk cannot exceed the Linode plan size.
2. Instance disk configuration is currently immutable via CAPL after the instance is booted.
~~~
```

# Data Disks
This section describes how to specify additional data disks for a linode instance. These disks can use devices `sdb` through `sdh` 

> for a total of 7 disks. The total size of these disks + the OS Disk cannot exceed the linode plan size.

Reviewer: Should probably add a note for how to check the plan size (https://www.linode.com/pricing/#compute-shared)
